[Music]
Hello my dear lovers of the
heart, before you comment on the news
that I'm going to give you and the sanse and everything I
bring I want to remind you that this week I'm
going to leave you content for 24
hours on my tweets channel. You guys ask me a lot
where you can see this,
see this normally tweets I don't know if you
know but it's like
YouTube's competition nowadays
all televisions have it all
cell phones have it and everyone but here you
have it tweets dot tv Javier Oliveira or
rather on my tweets channel I'm going to leave you
the link like this in the first
pinned comment that you see down here
okay I'm going to leave you the link and at
any time of the day, night,
morning while you're doing your homework,
whatever you have here as if it were
television but with my content, okay
the interviews that we've done, the
talks that we've done everything, everything on
the subject of Rocío Carrasco dismantling the
documentary that La Fábrica de la
Tele made and all that content with pleasure
you're going to be able to relive it here  24
hours my channel of your guest see now
they are showing a video I don't know I don't know which one it
is exactly
but basically it's me dismantling
point by point the docudrama the total
content lasts almost 30 hours so you
have there to entertain or this
Christmas everything you want to put on
my puig tweets channel and you're going to see it
all at any time okay I'll leave the
link in the description of this video and
well curiously I was browsing
my twitter and I came across this
tweet from Maika Vasco who you already know
is a colleague here on youtube and it
says the hatred of Carmen Borrego Allianz
the photo is against Gloria Camila comes
from very far away Rocío Juradó's daughter
made her look ridiculous in the 2017 edition of
Survivors
Borrego's career on Telecinco also
deserves a direct or well live of
hers on her channel I imagine not but of
course this news has opened me and let's
go these news so that we don't
forget it I said I'm going to record a video
because this news  it has to be
recorded here historic fight between
gloria camila and carmen borrego is
survivors 2017
daughter of ortega cano speaks openly about
the bad relationship with her sister rocio
carrasco well on sunday in july
2017 the sunday is a little badly
written well well the sunday in july
because only that july did she have
a sunday gloria camila was able to talk about
everything that she couldn't talk about the
previous thursday when she returned to the set of
survivors after being expelled well
apparently here it says it well on thursday the
29th she returned to the set and upon returning from
honduras after being expelled
her father ortega cano picked her up
I didn't remember this as well as her
aunt rocio flores daughter of rocio carrasco
with whom both she and
camila colors do not have a relationship okay in
this
[Music]
on this occasion the daughter of ortega
cano and rossi jurado did not speak much about
her private life more than anything about her
time in survivors but in the debate
on sunday she did expand a little
more dies  my mother and after a couple
of years she stops caring about us I
can't explain it if you're okay with my
father and with us why do you
distance yourself I felt abandoned by her
I would like to know why but it
's not something that keeps me up at night I wanted to
get in touch with her but she
blocked me well this is what
gloria camila tells us about the estrangement
with her sister that suddenly a couple of
years after having to remember that
recently we also rescued the news
of how ortega cano and her two children
left the house of la moraleja
de rocio swore back that
rocio carrasco del caracol and her children
lage lando asked her from here lando was born what is
hatred and ortega cano almost left with
what he was wearing badly that news we were
commenting the other day and here gloria
walks what she says is that a couple of years
later a couple of years after her
mother died well she lost
contact and suddenly she seemed to
completely ignore them and that she doesn't know
why here she doesn't fit anymore it's not that gloria
camila spoke to  Antonio David, it's not
that Camila spoke to Rocío
Flores and now we're talking about
Rocío Juradó, she died in 2006, we're
talking about Gloria Camila, already at the
end of the decade, like 2008 or 2009, around
there, Rocío Carrasco was passing by, okay,
so here we have a
situation, here we have a situation that
predates the episode that happened with
her daughter with Rocío Flores, to this famous
episode, to the problems with Antonio
Sabino that he already says he has, there's something
strange here, also it strikes me that
Gloria Camila says
when if she had something to hide,
well, she wouldn't talk, they're referring to Camila, if she
had something to hide, well, she wouldn't say
this so that her sister would say, well, yes, you
did this to me, I'm here, I'm here, but there was
little her sister could do to her, given how
small she was, do you understand? She wasn't very
small, Gloria Camila at that time would have been,
I would say about 11, 111, 12, at most,
between 10 and 12 years old, so I don't
think she would have done anything to her sister, and if she
did, she wouldn't  it was to keep it in mind
I wanted to contact them
but she blocked me and about Carmen
Borrego, another thorny issue to deal with was
the supposed anger that Gloria Camila
has towards Maria Tereza Campo and her
closest daughters Maria del Rocío Carrasco,
according to the young woman, I have felt mistreated,
this is written horribly, being that the
media outlet is this
digital journalist, well the writing is
horribly done, okay,
Maria Tereza Campo, I have felt mistreated,
well I have felt mistreated
by the Campos family, what bothered me
was the gesture they made to my father
when I saw that it hurt me, it refers to
a sleeve gesture that strongly rules the
truth in a program Maria Teresa Campo, I
find it ugly whether it is to Ortega Cano or
whoever it is because then Carmen Borrego
says that the cut demanded was to Jesus
Mariñas
ah okay, well then how fine they were, I do not care
who it is and the
reason is never that lowering oneself even if
it is to one another is no longer
happy, in fact, no, but it was for a
reason  or by h or by b whatever, there's no reason why you should
n't lower the man to the level of
your opponent, no, in the end he looks worse
with that vulgarity, but anyway, he
says, it seems very strong to me that you
consider, hello Carmen, email, it seems
very strong to me that you consider the
professionalism of María Teresa Campos, she
's my family, we've never spoken about you,
the rude gesture wasn't to your father, it was
Jesús Mariñas, I don't know what we,
las Campos and Gloria Camila, have done to you, she says, she
apologizes to Borrego after
clarifying the incident, but I assure you that she didn't
understand how she couldn't talk to Rocío
Carrasco about her family when they're
supposed to be so close, no, this is
because Carmen Borrego said that she didn't know
anything, she knows absolutely nothing about
why Rocío Carrasco was so angry
with the whole family, that no, they didn't
talk about those things, it's not like, well, how could she
not talk about her like your
sister, your sister
at Christmas, at your house and so on, no,
anyway, family, this is to have a little bit
of a newspaper archive, to have it
registered here  more than anything so that you know
what has been said, what was
pointed out, what was pointed out to us,
how things were going
because here what is seen is what it
seems that she already had a bad feeling with
Gloria Camila and with Ortega Cano. Look,
Camila was a child and José Fernando was the
same. No, well I think she is, I think
Fernando is the same age. No,
even before her episode with her daughter
Rocío Flores, she had a bad feeling with
Gloria Camila. According to this article,
digital journalists are reading you in
the comments box. We'll see each other
in the next news item. A huge hug.
And in the pinned comment you have
the link. If you want to go to my
tweets channel, okay, watch the program. A hug.
[Music]